michel fabrizio this year or the year of the male ear as roma
he arrived melandri there is a world champion
fellow citizen
what do you expect from this 2011 hand that is about to begin
positive
Italian otters
the two are seen even if you and I
list of names in front I hope
good growth also for its by
the suzuki clear of sum of satisfactions won a Romanian championship
superstock and come home a little last you know
we foresee orifiamma then we say taba
at 19
google sauce
all of where I left are never to return def
what me instead
I did
drive one thing that is thrown both away and on the ground
initial tonight
if more and more up to the protagonist the super bike
every now and then if I was a guest of the motorcycle gp what's in that world that doesn't have you
conquered
keep it going
sources have ever trieste
I want to prove fixforb you have captive then go to the body
good bases
max biaggi old lion world champion
it is time to snatch the worm
youngsters will become old as you see this cost even not
but audi
of the championship
I have fought trips and adventures on the world thanks also - Calabria is
made a second me is a great bike
obviously the bike to bring her brown kelly
it's taking me well
let's see this year
it will surely be a man the bike will not start
the suzuki is certainly a complete malasya fashion but this year it has
one more weapon yes no marco melandri
his teeth didn't go too badly
we did not go wrong stretch marks photo 4u some shoulder problem and you
I love when you put the apostrophe aura.
I am from a driver who comes from the GP motorcycle after so many years GP bikes
to watch
the show also in a super mario
but surely
when they are away from the gp bike and the first year they are not deciding however to ad
go very very strong
cega use
and then albarossa
however icke is formed
it's very difficult
it is different super byke without the ducati
surely it will be
pennette speck